add rpcn to landing page (#54)
redpanda-data/cloud-docs: modules/get-started/pages/whats-new-cloud.adoc

=== Redpanda Connect: LA for BYOC, beta for Serverless

> xref:develop:connect/about.adoc[Redpanda Connect] is now integrated into Redpanda Cloud and available as a fully-managed service. This is a limited availability (LA) release for BYOC and a beta release for Serverless. xref:develop:connect/components/catalog.adoc[Choose from over 100 connectors and processors] to quickly build and deploy streaming data pipelines or AI applications from the xref:develop:connect/connect-quickstart.adoc[Cloud UI] or using the xref:api:ROOT:cloud-api.adoc#tag--PipelineService[Data Plane API]. Comprehensive metrics and monitoring are also available. To start using Redpanda Connect, xref:develop:connect/connect-quickstart.adoc[try this quickstart].

Reviewer: The processors aren't categorized separately from the other components in RPCN so I don't know whether it's useful to talk about them in this way. I they don't actually identify just inputs and outputs as connectors anywhere.

Author: Then I think we should say "over 70 connectors". Is that OK

Author: never mind: see my suggestion below!

> xref:develop:connect/about.adoc[Redpanda Connect] is now integrated into Redpanda Cloud and available as a fully-managed service. This is a limited availability (LA) release for BYOC and a beta release for Serverless. xref:develop:connect/components/catalog.adoc[Choose from over 100 connectors and processors] to quickly build and deploy streaming data pipelines or AI applications from the xref:develop:connect/connect-quickstart.adoc[Cloud UI] or using the xref:api:ROOT:cloud-api.adoc#tag--PipelineService[Data Plane API]. Comprehensive metrics and monitoring are also available. To start using Redpanda Connect, xref:develop:connect/connect-quickstart.adoc[try this quickstart].

Author: ```suggestion
xref:develop:connect/about.adoc[Redpanda Connect] is now integrated into Redpanda Cloud and available as a fully-managed service. This is a limited availability (LA) release for BYOC and a beta release for Serverless. xref:develop:connect/components/catalog.adoc[Choose a connector] to quickly build and deploy streaming data pipelines or AI applications from the xref:develop:connect/connect-quickstart.adoc[Cloud UI] or using the xref:api:ROOT:cloud-api.adoc#tag--PipelineService[Data Plane API]. Comprehensive metrics and monitoring are also available. To start using Redpanda Connect, xref:develop:connect/connect-quickstart.adoc[try this quickstart].
```

Author: @asimms41 what do you think about this? Just remove the total from the what's new?

Reviewer: I think this is probably safest.

Choose from a range of connectors, processors, and other components...

=== Redpanda Connect: LA for BYOC, beta for Serverless

> xref:develop:connect/about.adoc[Redpanda Connect] is now integrated into Redpanda Cloud and available as a fully-managed service. This is a limited availability (LA) release for BYOC and a beta release for Serverless. Choose from a range of connectors, processors, and other components to quickly build and deploy streaming data pipelines or AI applications from the Cloud UI or using the Data Plane API. Comprehensive metrics and monitoring are also available. To start using Redpanda Connect, xref:develop:connect/connect-quickstart.adoc[try this quickstart].

Reviewer: Could you leave the links in. Because RPCN has been documented separately up until now, there is a high risk that people will jump straight into the Connect docs instead of reading the Cloud version.
